jdk.accessibility	
Defines JDK utility classes used by implementors of Assistive Technologies.
jdk.attach	
Defines the attach API.
jdk.charsets	
Provides charsets that are not in java.base (mostly double byte and IBM charsets).
jdk.compiler	
Defines the implementation of the system Java compiler and its command line equivalent, javac.
jdk.crypto.cryptoki	
Provides the implementation of the SunPKCS11 security provider.
jdk.crypto.ec	
Provides the implementation of the SunEC security provider.
jdk.dynalink	
Defines the API for dynamic linking of high-level operations on objects.
jdk.editpad	
Provides the implementation of the edit pad service used by jdk.jshell.
jdk.hotspot.agent	
Defines the implementation of the HotSpot Serviceability Agent.
jdk.httpserver	
Defines the JDK-specific HTTP server API.
jdk.jartool	
Defines tools for manipulating Java Archive (JAR) files, including the jar and jarsigner tools.
jdk.javadoc	
Defines the implementation of the system documentation tool and its command line equivalent, javadoc.
jdk.jcmd	
Defines tools for diagnostics and troubleshooting a JVM such as the jcmd, jps, jstat tools.
jdk.jconsole	
Defines the JMX graphical tool, jconsole, for monitoring and managing a running application.
jdk.jdeps	
Defines tools for analysing dependencies in Java libraries and programs, including the jdeps, javap, and jdeprscan tools.
jdk.jdi	
Defines the Java Debug Interface.
jdk.jdwp.agent	
Provides the implementation of the Java Debug Wire Protocol (JDWP) agent.
jdk.jfr	
Defines the API for JDK Flight Recorder.
jdk.jlink	
Defines the jlink tool for creating run-time images, the jmod tool for creating and manipulating JMOD files, and the jimage tool for inspecting the JDK implementation-specific container file for classes and resources.
jdk.jshell	
This module provides support for Java Programming Language 'snippet' evaluating tools, such as Read-Eval-Print Loops (REPLs), including the jshell tool.
jdk.jsobject	
Defines the API for the JavaScript Object.
jdk.jstatd	
Defines the jstatd tool for starting a daemon for the jstat tool to monitor JVM statistics remotely.
jdk.localedata	
Provides the locale data for locales other than US locale.
jdk.management	
Defines JDK-specific management interfaces for the JVM.
jdk.management.agent	
Defines the JMX management agent.
jdk.management.jfr	
Defines the Management Interface for JDK Flight Recorder.
jdk.naming.dns	
Provides the implementation of the DNS Java Naming provider.
jdk.naming.rmi	
Provides the implementation of the RMI Java Naming provider.
jdk.net	
Defines the JDK-specific Networking API.
jdk.pack	
Defines tools for transforming a JAR file into a compressed pack200 file and transforming a packed file into a JAR file, including the pack200 and unpack200 tools.
jdk.rmic	
Defines the rmic compiler for generating stubs and skeletons using the Java Remote Method Protocol (JRMP) for remote objects.
jdk.scripting.nashorn	
Provides the implementation of Nashorn script engine and the runtime environment for programs written in ECMAScript 5.1.
jdk.sctp	
Defines the JDK-specific API for SCTP.
jdk.security.auth	
Provides implementations of the javax.security.auth.* interfaces and various authentication modules.
jdk.security.jgss	
Defines JDK extensions to the GSS-API and an implementation of the SASL GSSAPI mechanism.
jdk.xml.dom	
Defines the subset of the W3C Document Object Model (DOM) API that is not part of the Java SE API.
jdk.zipfs	
Provides the implementation of the zip file system provider.
